---
title: 2018 did
layout: post
---

# did file

Wed Jul 18 16:42:38 DST 2018
- made this did file!

Thu Jul 19 20:16:25 DST 2018
- made sha256 padding part

Fri Jul 20 16:42:46 DST 2018
- implementated sha256 in rust

Mon Jul 23 07:34:05 DST 2018
- tried to implement westgate reservation form, but acceidently deleted...
- added alias rm="rm -i" to bashrc
- made the landing mockup reservation page (again)

Mon Jul 23 23:00:00 DST 2018
- research how to run processing sketchs after boot.
  - use .bat files with processing-java --sketch=<path to sketch> --run
- talking drums repos clean up.
- talking drums torture test for lattepanda and it's display -> ran 18 hrs straight
- basic setup for end computers and server for talking drums

Thu Jul 26 09:44:30 DST 2018
- talked with Panasonic

Fri Jul 27 22:37:37 DST 2018
- made design of the pitable
- worked with Arnaud's code
  - actually the first time to work with a CS background

Mon Jul 30 10:52:34 DST 2018
- rust version of image pixel manupilation done
  - will I have time to rewrite the server in rust?

Wed Aug  1 08:00:17 DST 2018
- improved server and start/end node computer for talking drums
- started dashboard repo for westgate
- revisiting fujimura-san's "hyper linear design method"
    - a breif introduction
    - start by explaining it's a linked list.
      - do not branch
      - do not revert
      - do not jump (move incrementally)
    - change colors to indicate which part of it is ment for computer scientists/architects
      - red should be architects, blue should be cs
    - address the fact that data is also linked, the predecessor holds information of the parent node, (makes cronological context)
    - hashing!
    - discuss potential methods to decentralize the process. ref. the way he introduced voting, yet the organizer was still centralized.
    - can we connect it to git?

Tue Aug  7 08:28:38 DST 2018
- confident I will fail whatever turing test I will take for defining the differences of human and machine.

Tue Aug  7 12:34:53 DST 2018
- authority and space, space and authority, ppl, wants open kitchens Riken Yamamoto.
- center kitchen > Nagai-san

Tue Aug  7 13:12:05 DST 2018
- Personally and Ethically, I don't think I can justify using people's location data from third party apps.
- HEAT who data for statistical health choices? > Ronan
- psuedo r square > Ronan

Tue Aug 21 09:36:04 DST 2018
- TODO: read this [paper](https://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/hal-01386247/file/367613_1_En_11_Chapter_OnlinePDF_Kaniskh_Authorversion.pdf)

Fri Sep  7 14:07:41 DST 2018
- collaborative economy talk
    - 335B industy in 2035
    - can we.. decentralized infrastructure? democratic organization? distribution of profits?
    - DAO's (decentralized Autonomouse Organizations)
      - slashdot, wikipedia, platform cooperativism 
    - amara - subtitles 
    - Samer Hassan
    - ** emit services to define a geofence **
    - back feed
    - simulation 
      - ABM

