---
title: darkside notes
layout: post
---
- was it critical?
  - try to answering other peoples question
    - questions are never pointed to the presenter
  - time/skill to be critical
  - last half presentation -> critique in the next first half 
    - revolution of the moon
  - range of topics?
    - was it about the work? / how to get it done? / is it good to show what I do to family?
    - it does not have to be about 'a project'
  - don't over structure? keep it 
  - technical vs emotional
  - how about other projects?
  - good to have no deliverable
    - outcome as a statement blog post, format
    - b-side, Dentsu 
    - 1 slide week topic as a icebreaker

- critical thery
- objective intent
  - why someone is writing a particular
  - subjective -> mainly positive 
  - internalise the negative
  - go to example city home
  - narrative

- freedom to articulate you don't know
- 
- sharing the process the thinking togeather
- externalise 
- what was your process?
- what you did / how you did.
- these are the questions that I cann't 

- after a while

- walking together

- automatic thinking

- help people see that you can't see by yourself 

- topics
  - Charles Sanders Peirce (who invented Logical critics, abductive, deductive, inductive logic)
  - ["The normative sciences"](http://www.iep.utm.edu/peir-log/)
  - aesthetic, ethics, and logic
  - diverse topics
    - seminar readings

- closeness
  - open to the group?
  - limit to round table 
  - revolver style?
  - 

- external presenters ?
  - will the presenters like to be critiqued?
  - [bushveld labs](https://www.bushveldlabs.com/)
    - satelite version
    - research on critical meetings
    - is there will be a central hub for
    - synchronized across different venues
    - IRC anon
  - Scalable Collaboration, Moral Machines
  - Responsive Environments?

- documentation

